README.md, before:

# Numbers

```
This program reads numbers from the console,
outputs them in different formats and writes them into a file.
```


## Installation
```
The project can be started in any java environment,
it consists of three java files.

* open a new project.
* copy the project folder: ProgNumbers into your java environment. 
* run the Numbers file.

- Numbers.java - contains the main
- FileHandler.java - writes a short number array into a text file
- ShortNumbers.java - produces ShortNumber objects
```


## Usage

```
You can produce a short number array by entering numbers in to the console.

* enter a positive integer to choose the amount of numbers you want to work with.
* enter the the right amount of positive integer numbers.
* choose how many numbers per line you want to see on the console.

 The array is then printed on the console; manipulated and formated in different ways
 and written into a text file. 

* enter a path, relative or absolute to determine were you want to save the text file,
* give a name to the text file that contains the array. 
```

## Contributing
```
Author:       Rosa Dennig

I completed this project for the moment, the last change was made  19.01.2022
Feel free to submit issues and/or feel free take the source code and enhance the project.
```
## License
```
The license is still a work in process.
```

## a Picture of the console after a test run of Numbers:
![numbers](numberstest.png)


a link to
## some markdown exercises

[exercise1](./exercise1.md)

a link to
## a list of git commands 

[exercise2](exercise2.md)

link to
## documentation of maven project structure and git
[exercise3](exercise3.md)

link to
## documentation of source code testing
[exercise4](exercise4.md)

link to
## branching
[exercise5](exercise5.md)


link to 
## GitHub profile page

[GitHub profile page ](https://github.com/rosaDennig)

link to
## fh-joanneum

[fh-joanneum page](https://www.fh-joanneum.at/)

Commit message:

changes in exercise5.md and README.md fom the documentation branch and log4j2.xml.template

README.md, after:

# Numbers

```
This program reads numbers from the console,
outputs them in different formats and writes them into a file.
```


## Installation
```
The project can be started in any java environment,
it consists of three java files.

* open a new project.
* copy the project folder: ProgNumbers into your java environment. 
* run the Numbers file.

- Numbers.java - contains the main
- FileHandler.java - writes a short number array into a text file
- ShortNumbers.java - produces ShortNumber objects
```


## Usage

```
You can produce a short number array by entering numbers in to the console.

* enter a positive integer to choose the amount of numbers you want to work with.
* enter the the right amount of positive integer numbers.
* choose how many numbers per line you want to see on the console.

 The array is then printed on the console; manipulated and formated in different ways
 and written into a text file. 

* enter a path, relative or absolute to determine were you want to save the text file,
* give a name to the text file that contains the array. 
```

## Contributing
```
Author:       Rosa Dennig

I completed this project for the moment, the last change was made  19.01.2022
Feel free to submit issues and/or feel free take the source code and enhance the project.
```
## License
```
The license is still a work in process.
```

## a Picture of the console after a test run of Numbers:
![numbers](numberstest.png)


a link to
## some markdown exercises

[exercise1](./exercise1.md)

a link to
## a list of git commands 

[exercise2](exercise2.md)

link to
## documentation of maven project structure and git
[exercise3](exercise3.md)

link to
## documentation of source code testing
[exercise4](exercise4.md)

link to
## branching
[exercise5](exercise5part.md)

## log4j2.xml -> file with configurations needed for the Logger

![log4j2.xml.template](src/main/resources/log4j2.xml.template)


link to 
## GitHub profile page

[GitHub profile page ](https://github.com/rosaDennig)

link to
## fh-joanneum

[fh-joanneum page](https://www.fh-joanneum.at/)
